dotfiles
========

Opinionated garbage for my dotfiles setup. Uses [yadm] to manage them in your home.

Used daily by a few people at this point. Lord Zulu help them.

A lot of this are quick hacks, a lot took some time too.
Due to this, I don't promise that everything is exactly documented, but I do promise good things to those who can read.
If something sucks, tell me why! I don't mind strong opinions; especially so if they have backing data.

Yolo swag.


News
----

We've been doing a mass non-opinionation as others have started to utilize these as well.
This is being done on pure best effort, and PRs are welcome for just about anything.


Goals
-----

* [OSX] or [Linux].
* Relatively easy to understand, with bells and whistles galore.
* Attempts to adhere to [XDG] spec (for the important tidbits at least).
* Everything should be a plugin (batteries included, but removable).
* Obviously opinionated portions should not be enabled by default.
* Plugins should check for requirements and disable themselves automagically if not available.

Features
--------

* Vigorous [Zsh] setup [dotfiles-zsh]
  * `SSH`: If you're remote, prefix prompt with `$HOSTNAME` and auto-spawn `tmux`.
  * `Linux`: [libtrash] used if available for `rm`, otherwise supports such things as [gomi], [safe-rm], etc
  * `colorcat` is a `cat` drop-in wrapper that automatically applies highlighting to the output without breaking usage.
    - Breakage is avoided by paying attention to if you have a tty, have stdin, are interactive, etc etc
    - If used on multiple files, it will even prefix each file with it's name (to stderr only just in case)
  * [antibody] as a lightweight shim for parallel plugin loads/updates.
    - Note: I currently use my fork because I have breaking changes that still haven't integrated
  * [airline]/[promptline] based prompts (but totally configurable to whatever you want)

  * A zillion other tools, mostly that I've written, some modified. Places to browse:
    - `bin/`
    - `.config/zsh/plugins/`
    - `.config/nvim/`
    - `.config/tmux/`

* Semi-organized [NeoVim]/[Vim]/[MacVim] configuration [dotfiles-vim]
  * [vim-plug] for plugins

* [tmux] (with plugins via `tpm`) [dotfiles-tmux]
  * [tpm] for plugins

Usage
-----

Install [yadm]:

```sh
# Linux
sudo apt install yadm
# OSX
brew install yadm
```

Clone via [yadm]:

```sh
yadm clone git@github.com:akatrevorjay/dotfiles.git
yadm submodule update --init
```

Original repos
--------------

Old repos that this will be split back into once better support for submodules are built into yadm:

  * [https://github.com/akatrevorjay/dotfiles-shell.git|dotfiles-shell]
  * [https://github.com/akatrevorjay/dotfiles-vim.git|dotfiles-vim]
  * [https://github.com/akatrevorjay/dotfiles-tmux.git|dotfiles-tmux]

Related
-------

[yadm]: https://github.com/TheLocehiliosan/yadm
[dotfiles-zsh]: https://github.com/akatrevorjay/dotfiles/tree/develop/.config/zsh
[dotfiles-vim]: https://github.com/akatrevorjay/dotfiles/tree/develop/.config/nvim
[dotfiles-tmux]: https://github.com/akatrevorjay/dotfiles/tree/develop/.config/tmux

